that'll pay for what? There is a system that you are becoming familiar
with. DTs defense travels Irv's is on. It's an overrated system. They
pay for your tickets. You want you get old, you need to go somewhere
you do. You go into DTs, you plan your trip, then the contacts also
supply officer will get you traveled out. Your number that gets
applied and they booked travel. And you also have your government travel
card because he'll be issued that you haven't already been issued.
And then they could book the ticket. You execute the travel and
then at the end, you come back and you file a travel. He your receipts,
anything over 25 bucks. Although I'm told it has changed. I kept
everything every received over $25. Now you just file it, Fill that
out. We used to have travelled clerks that fill all this out for you.
I think the case anymore, you have to become your own expert travel,
filling out those things Probably the hardest part. Travel. Oh,
child, make sure that you get all your expenses that one struggles job